Consistent Hashing :- Consistent hashing is a ring type of structure which is very good for scaling. In case of failure, whole hash table will not change, only some rows will
                        change.
                        
Note :- If multiple threads will come and there are mostly I/O calls so instead of creating new thread everytime. We can have a eventloop in which one thrad is in a non-blocking 
        state, it will never blocked and it will take the request and pass it to the further thread.
        
        

Note :- 
1. Inner class can not have static members :- The reason behind this is that static members ar usually instantiated when the program starts. However, an inner class depends
    on having an instance of its enclosing class in order to create it and then access its members. So the decision to not have static members for an inner class makes sense 
    due to this dependency. The static member cannot be accessed until something has been created i.e. the enclosing class instance.
    In the below example, class F will give compile time error because E is an inner class and its members F is static which we can't do.   
    ```
    class A {
        int a;
    
        static class C {
            class D {
    
            }
        }
    
        class E {
            static class F {
    
            }
        }
    }
   ```
   
2. FailOver :-
    1. It is a technique of switching to redundant backup machine when certain machine goes down. 
    2. We(Programmer) always deal in ip addresses to communicate with each other but machine actually talk to each other via physical address(call MAC address).

VIP(Virtual Ip Address) :- A virtual IP address (VIP or VIPA) is an IP address that doesn't correspond to an actual physical network interface. So it is used in fail over 
scenarios that means two servers have some software which will be configured that means they both have an same virtual ip address but it is used only by one server at any
given point of time. If that master server fails, then slave server will have that ip address.(ARP is used internally)
    
VRRP(Virtual Router Redundancy Protocol) :- The Virtual Router Redundancy Protocol (VRRP) is a computer networking protocol that provides for automatic assignment of
 available Internet Protocol (IP) routers to participating hosts. This increases the availability and reliability of routing paths via automatic default gateway selections
 on an IP subnetwork.
     
Active-Active vs Active-Passive Cluster to achieve high availability in scaling systems:- 
    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-Bfi5qywFo&list=PLQnljOFTspQVPOt2GrGpq2_NRZjcdxzfu&index=2
    In Active-Passive cluster, we have only one server which will handle all the request and passive cluster will only come if master will die.(Sample ex. of VIP)
    In Active-Active cluster, DNS have all the ip address located in the dns.

Keepalived is a piece of software which can be used to achieve high availability by assigning two or more nodes a virtual IP and monitoring those nodes, failing over when 
one goes down. ... In case there are more than one backup nodes with the same priority, the one with the highest IP wins the election.

Load Balancers :- HAProxy, NginX
     