1. Multi Threading 
2. Indexing
3. Partitioning :- Kind of sharding but on same disk
4. Sharding



**Row Level Lock** :- For example, Suppose in an online booking system(BookMyShow), Two threads comes exactly at same time and both of them are looking for same seat. So in that 
scenario, We have to lock our table per row wise while booking the seat and we can do that by adding **"for update"** in the select query where we are fetching that thing. It is
applicable in MYSQL, Postgrese and Oracle(it has timeout as well for lock while other doesn't have) and it will help us to do the duplicate booking.<br/>

There are two ways to lock the table :- 
1. Any lock placed with the "FOR Update" will not allow other transaction to read, update or delete the row. Other transaction can read this rows only once first transaction 
get commit or rollback.
2. Any lock placed with "Lock in Share Mode" will allow other transaction to read the locked row but it will not allow other transaction to update or delete the row.<br/>
SELECT * FROM table_name WHERE id=10 LOCK IN SHARE MODE

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_95dCYv2Xv4&list=PLQnljOFTspQXjD0HOzN7P2tgzu7scWpl2&index=29



**Eventual Consistency** :- In case of multiple replicas of a database to store data and lets say a write request comes to one of the replicas. In such situation, Databases had
to discover a strategy to make this write request at one replica reach other replicas and they all could also write data of the request and become consistent. Eventual consistency
makes sure that data of each node of the database gets consistent eventually. This implies that if someone reads from a replica which is not updated yet(since replica are updated
eventually) then it may return stale data.  