Row vs Column Oriented Database :- <br/>
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vw1fCeD06YI&list=PLQnljOFTspQXjD0HOzN7P2tgzu7scWpl2&index=54 

1. Row Oriented Database is used for OLTP(On-line transaction processing) and column oriented database is used for OLAP(On-line analytical processing).
2. Row oriented database is MYSQL, Oracle and column oriented database is HBase.
3. Column oriented database stores data tables by column rather than row. So this database is useful when we are doing most of the work on particular columns like in case of 
ETL(Extract, Transform, Load) and data visualization tools. ex. We want train frequency for a particular time, so we only want that column and not all other columns.


MultiThreading :- 
1. We need to extends Thread class and in the inherited class, we need to override run() method and we will put our business logic over here. Once thread object is created, we 
    can start it by calling start() method, which calls run() method. 
    
    **Note** :-  Suppose if we directly call the run() method, then it behaves like a normal function meaning execution of all of them is being handled by same current thread
                and no multithreading takes place. When run() method gets called through start() method then a new seperate thread is being allocated to the execution of run()
                method,so if more than one thread calls start() method that means their run() is being executed by seperate threads.  

```
class Sample2 extends Thread{

    @Override
    public void run() {
        System.out.println("In the run method." + Thread.currentThread().getId() );
        super.run();
    }

    @Override
    public synchronized void start() {
        System.out.println("In the start method." + Thread.currentThread().getId());
        super.start();
    }

    public static void main(String[] args) {

        for (int i=0; i<9;i++) {
            Sample2 sample2 = new Sample2();
            sample2.start();
        }

    }
}
```

2. We can do multi-threading by implement runnable interface and override run() method. 

```
class Sample3 implements Runnable {
    @Override
    public void run() {
        System.out.println("In the run method " + Thread.currentThread().getId());
    }

    public static void main(String[] args) {

        for(int i=0;i<9;i++)
        {
            Thread thread = new Thread(new Sample3());
            thread.start();
        }
    }
}
```

Thread vs Runnable :- When we extend Thread class, we can't extend any other class(because of Muti-inheritance) but in case of Runnable interface we can implement any other 
    interface. Each thread creates a new object and gets associated with it but in case of runnable multiple threads share the same objects.
    
Thread join() method :- Thread class's join method is used to stop current execution of thread until thread it joins, completes its task. In  the below task, main thread will 
            stop at the end because it will wait for the other threads to join it.
            
```
public static void main(String[] args) {

        for (int i=0; i<9;i++) {
            Sample2 sample2 = new Sample2();
            sample2.start();
            try {
                sample2.join();
            } catch (InterruptedException e) {
                e.printStackTrace();
            }
        }

        System.out.println("Main thread is stoping");

    }
``` 