A system is called fail-fast if it is shut down immediately when an error occurred.  fail-safe systems are not like that. They don’t stop operating
even when a fault is occurred in the system. They continue the operation by hiding the errors.
 
Fail Fast And Fail Safe Iterators In Java :- Iterators in java give us the facility to traverse over the Collection objects. Iterators returned by the
Collection are either fail-fast in nature or fail-safe in nature. Fail-Fast iterators immediately throw ConcurrentModificationException if a collection
is modified while iterating over it. Where as Fail-Safe iterators don’t throw any exceptions if a collection is modified while iterating over it.
Because, they operate on the clone of the collection, not on the actual collection. 
 
All Collection types maintain an internal array of objects ( Object[] ) to store the elements. Fail-Fast iterators directly fetch the elements from this
array. They always consider that this internal array is not modified while iterating over its elements. To know whether the collection is modified or not,
they use an internal flag called modCount which is updated each time a collection is modified. Every time when an Iterator calls the next() method, it
checks the modCount. If it finds the modCount has been updated after this Iterator has been created, it throws ConcurrentModificationException.

All the implementations of Iterator in Collection classes are fail-fast by design except the concurrent collection classes like ConcurrentHashMap and 
CopyOnWriteArrayList.


Note :- Blocking Queue is a Queue that supports operations that wait for the queue to become non-empty when retrieving and removing an element, 
    and wait for space to become available in the queue when adding an element.
    

Que :- What is SuppressWarnings (“unchecked”) in Java?
Ans :- Sometimes Java generics just doesn't let you do what you want to, and you need to effectively tell the compiler that what you're doing really
 will be legal at execution time.
 

Daemon thread :-  Daemon thread is a low priority thread that runs in background to perform tasks such as garbage collection. They can not prevent 
    the JVM from exiting when all the user threads finish their execution. JVM terminates itself when all user threads finish their execution.

 
Why shouldn't I use Thread.start() in the constructor of my class :- 
 it is considered bad practice to "leak" a reference to an object in its constructor to another thread because if any constructor lines were added
  after the t.start() it would be a race condition if the thread would see the object full constructed or not.

```
class SomeClass
{
    public ImportantData data = null;
    public Thread t = null;

    public SomeClass(ImportantData d)
    {
        t = new MyOperationThread();

        // t.start(); // Footnote 1

        data = d;

        t.start();    // Footnote 2
    }
}
```

Sleep vs Wait() :- 
The major difference is that wait() releases the lock or monitor while sleep() doesn’t releases the lock or monitor while waiting. wait() is used
 for inter-thread communication while sleep() is used to introduce pause on execution, generally. Sleep is static method but wait is not an static method.
Wake up condition :- 
wait() – until call notify(), notifyAll() from object
sleep() – until at least time expire or call interrupt().

Note :- 
1. Wait() method should be under while loop with conditions because supurious wakeups can occur.
2. We have to explicitly shut down the executor thread pool. If we don't shutdown the executor when exiting the main method, then JVM would also not exit.
   It will keep waiting for the pool's worker threads to finish, since they aren't marked as daemon and it can lead us to timeOut exception. For the fox, we have to add
   threadpool.shutDown().
3. Daemon thread is a low priority thread (in context of JVM) that runs in background to perform tasks such as garbage collection (gc) etc., they do not prevent the JVM 
   from exiting (even if the daemon thread itself is running) when all the user threads (non-daemon threads) finish their execution. JVM terminates itself when all user
   threads (non-daemon threads) finish their execution, JVM does not care whether Daemon thread is running or not, if JVM finds running daemon thread (upon completion of 
   user threads), it terminates the thread and after that shutdown itself.
   


Mutex vs Monitor vs semaphores :- 