Database sharding vs Database partitioning 

Most of the databases supports partitioning and in partitioning, our partition rows will be on the same disk.


Exclusive lock vs Shared lock :- If any row has exclusive lock that means nobody else can connect to it(either read or write). But if any row has shared lock, others can read
from it but not write. If any process had applied shared lock on row then that means we can not apply exclusive lock on that and vice-versa.


Connection Pooling :-  a connection pool is a cache of database connections(usually TCP) maintained so that the connections can be reused when future requests to the database 
are required. 
               
               
Proxy vs Reverse Proxy :-
 In proxy, server does not know the actual client who has send this request but instead of that it thinks that proxy has sent this request.
 Use cases of proxies are :- 1. Caching 2. Anonymity 3. Logging 4. Blocking Sites 5. MicroServices
 
 In reverse proxy, client does not know the actual server.
 Use cases of reverse proxies are :- 1. Caching 2. Load Balancing 3. Ingress 4. Canary Deployment 4. MicroServices
 
 
 Service Mesh :- 
 
 Reverse Proxy vs Lod Balancer :- Load balancer is a use case of reverse proxy, in load balancer you must need two or more than two servers to distribute the load but 
                                    in reverse proxy you can only take one server.
                                    

Types of Http Proxy :- 
    1. Transparent proxy :- It is mostly used by the ISPs, clients don’t know they are connected to transparent proxy. The way it works is it looks at TCP/IP layer
                            4/3 and forward it to the destination, it might do some content filtering based on the IP address or the port so it blocks certain sites.
                            But thats pretty much it.  transparent proxy cannot know which pages are you viewing or your what youtube videos are you watching. It can block 
                            you from watching youtube all together but it cannot block you from watching lets say a specific youtube channel that is critical of the
                             government ISP is located at.     
                             In Transparent proxy, source ip address will change in the packets so that server will be able to see ISP ip address not actual client ip 
                             address.  
    2. HTTP Proxy(InSecure) :- This kind of proxy is used alot, especially in service meshes like linkerd. This kind of proxy have to be configured in the client to use it.
                               Each request will always be targeted to the proxy IP address / port. So when want to make a GET request to husseinnasser.com, and you have a
                               proxy configured, when you look at the TCP packet for that request the destination IP and port is those of the proxy. The proxy looks at the
                               GET request and specifically the HOST header and establishes another TCP connection to the actual destination on husseinnasser.com. So this 
                               kind of proxy maintains two tcp connections. Client to proxy and proxy to destination. The proxy have access to the content, it can block the
                               website. It can know what exact page you are viewing. It knows everything because HTTP is insecure. Assuming youtube uses just HTTP, if you have 
                               a proxy setup it can block a specific channel or even video from being viewed. 
                               
                  
                               
L4 vs L7 Proxying :- 
    L7 Proxy :- Proxy will be able to see all the request content which user has sent to the proxy and then depending upon the content it will allocate that request to the 
                assigned web server. This is a stateless session so for every request, it will create the new TCP connection every time and then it will call it.
                
    L4 Proxy :- Proxy is not able to see the request content and it will directly call the web server. It is a sticky session, and whenever the packet will come, it will
                directly call the web server, it will not wait for the client to get full request. As server will get the request it will send as it is.                                                                          


ZooKeeper :- It coordinates b/w distributed applications. Some of the features are given below :-
            1. It maintains configuration information meaning config will be shared across all nodes.
            2. It will elect a node as leader for coordination purpose.
            3. Locking and Synchronization service :-  Locking the data while modifying it. 
            4. Zookeeper interal data structure is like a Tree. Each node is called zNdoe.
            5. It can be used to recover from failures in cluster.
            
            
            
Consistency in No Sql :- 

Facade in Design Pattern :- 
              