**Reactive Programming**

It is a programming paradigm that promotes an asynchronous, 
non-blocking, event-driven approach to data processing.

It basically adds 4 practices into one :- 
1. event-driven
2. Scalable
3. Resilient
4. Responsive

Note:- Efficiency is the thing which is not achieved by doing
things faster, it can be done by not doing the things which is
not important.

1. Reactive programming is programming with asynchronous data streams.
2. A stream is a sequence of ongoing events ordered in time. It can emit three different things: a value(of some type),
    an error or a complete signal. "Completed" signal takes place when the current window or view containing that button
    is closed.
3. We capture these emitted events only asynchronously, by defining a function that will execute when a value is emitted,
    another function when an error is emitted and another function when completed is emitted.<br/>
    The "listening" to the stream is called **Subscribing**.
     


**Observable:**
It is a data-stream which will send us the data and we will
process the data as we gets the data.  

It is like promise in javascript but promise is single transport
of data but observable is stream of data.

**Observable vs Iterator**:-
Iterator is a pull mechanism(like it.hasNext() and then it.getNext)
but observable is a push mechanism which will send us the data.

Observable has three channels:-
1. Data Channel :- Through which stream of data will come.
2. Complete Channel :- One signal for complete will come at that
point data channel closes up.
3. Error Channel :- Error will come and data channel closes up.

Back Pressure :- <br/>


Links :-
https://gist.github.com/staltz/868e7e9bc2a7b8c1f754



 
