Que :- What will happen when you type google.com and hit enter ?
Ans :- 
Initial Typing 
Url Parsing
HTTP or HTTPS
DNS Lookup
TCP Connection
TLS, ALPN, SNI
First GET 
HTML Parse

1. Initial typing :- Whenever we type "g", browser will start looking into the pages in my recent visited history which start with "g" or it will start searching in the index
 which is cached. Some browser also sends these characters to the default browser to get the most visited pages.
2. Url Parsing :- when we type "google.com" and put enter. Browser will start parsing the string("google.com") and ask if this is a URL or is it a search term. If it is a URL
then it has to establish the connection with the page and send GET request to it.
3. We didn't define the protocol for it and then browser has to identify whether it is HTTP or HTTPS protocol. By default, prior to certain version browser was always going to 
the HTTP which were causing lot of Man in Middle attack. HSTS(HTTP Strict Transport Security) this is a list which browser cached in its local database and it has a most famous
web pages which forces it client to only communicate in HTTPS. If this web page is in the list, it will use 443 port for it otherwise it will be forced to use 80 port.
4. Till now, we know domain :- google.com, protocol :- HTTPS/HTTP(depending upon the above step), port :- 443/80(depending upon the above step), IP :- We don't know it yet.
Browser will check into its cache and check that if it has ever visited "google.com", If yes then it will pull out the ip address otherwise it will ask OS if it has ip address of
"google.com" (under hosts file in os). 
DNS :- DNS is a UDP service listening over port 53 and it is un-encrypted. Anyone can know on which url you are going if you are using DNS service(DNS requests are visible to 
our ISP). They know about at which your url we are going but they can't know what we are searching over there until they are using SSL termination on their side.  
DOH :- If browser supports DOH then DNS requests will send over it.

Lets assume, DOH is disabled by default and now we are sending DNS request that means anyone can see my request on the internet. We are doing DNS to find out ip address of 
"google.com". Now we will send UDP datagram to my default DNS provider which usually configure on my router which usually provided by my ISP. 

My System's info - IP :- 10.0.0.2, GW :- 10.0.0.1, MAC :- aa
My Router's info - EXIP :- 44.1.2.4, IP :- 10.0.0.1, MAC :- ff(We know the MAC address of our router using ARP.)
Default DNS Provider - IP :- 1.1.1.1: 53(Assumption)

We don't want to send UDP request, We will create an IP packet in its Layer 3. for sending it like a frame which is in layer 2 we need MAC address. 
Packet :- 
Source MAC address :- aa 
Source IP address :- 10.0.0.2
Source Port :- 3333(Any random port)
Destination IP address :- 1.1.1.1
Destination Port :- 53
Destination MAC address :- ff(This ip is not in our subnet so i don't know where to send this packet. That's why i will send this packet to my gateway. So this is our
                            router's MAC addrees. ) 
                            
Once router will receive it, Router will check the same thing. IF this ip address it in our subnet. Answer is no. That means we have to send this packet on internet and we can
not send it naked. We have to do NAT, we need to change 10.0.0.2 to public ip of router(44.1.2.4). Meanwhile we will also add this entry into NAT.

NAT :- 
10.0.0.2 -> 3333
44.1.2.4 -> 3333

Now we got the response from my DNS to my public router on port 3333. Suppose we got 4.1.2.3 as ip of google.com, now my router will check the NAT and send the ip of google to
me using ARP. Now i got the google's ip.

5. TCP Connection :- For tcp connection, we need google's ip and now I have it, and now again we have to send this packet to my router and it will replace with router's public ip.
That's how it will create a TCP connection with google's server.    

6. After connecting with TCP connection, we immediately establish TLS(1.3). We will share public key and private key. Then ALPN(Application Layer Protocol Negotiation) will occur
ALPN, SNI(Server Name Indication)
AES encryption :-                            

7. After establishing TLS, we will send our first GET request using HTTP 1.2 or 2. It will also add headers and cookies as well if needed. It will wait for the response.
8. After getting the response, it will parse HTML and also request for js and css as well which can be done using multiple request in one HTTP connection.
 
Learning DOH(DNS over HTTPS) or DOT(DNS over TLS)

