Red black tree vs AVL tree :- 
1. Avl tree is strictly balanced but red black trees are roughly balanced that means searching is faster in AVL trees as compare to Red Black trees.
2. Insertion is faster in red black tree than AVL trees because in red black trees there are atmax 2 rotation otherwise coloring but in AVL tree there are comparatively higher
    number of rotations.
3. Red black trees are used in most of the language libraries like map, multimap, multiset whereas AVL trees are used in databases where faster retrievals are required.


Red-Black Tree :-
1. It is a self balancing BST.
2. Every node is either black or Red.
3. Root is always black.
4. Every leaf which is NIL is black.
5. If node is red then its children is black.
6. Every path from a node to any of its descendent NIL node has same number of black nodes.

Insertion in Red-Black Tree :- 
1. If tree is empty, create new node as root node with color black.
2. If tree is not empty, create new node as leaf node with color Red.
3. If parent of new node is black then exit.
5. If parent of new node is red, then check the color of parent's sibling of new node.
    a) If color is black or null then do suitable rotation and recolor.
    b) If color is red then recolor(both parent and parent's sibling) and also check if parent's parent of new node is not root node then recolor it and recheck.
    
    
    
    

AVL Tree :- 
1. It is a BST
2. balance factor = Height of left subtree - height of right subtree = {-1, 0, 1} 
3. If tree is imbalanced at any point of time, so to balance it we have to do some rotation. These rotations can be LL, RR, LR, RL. 



BST deletion :- 
When we delete node from BST, there would be three possibilites :-
1. Node to be deleted has 0 children :-  Simply remove from the tree. 
2. Node to be deleted has 1 children :- Copy the child to the node and delete the child 
3. Node to be deleted has 2 children :- Find inorder successor of the node. Copy contents of the inorder successor to the node and delete the inorder successor.
        Note that inorder predecessor can also be used. 

  
B Tree :-
