**Polling** <br/>
Client repeatedly polls(or requests) a server for data. The client makes a request and waits for the
server to respond with data. If no data is available, an empty response is returned. <br/>

Problem with polling :- The client has to keep asking the server for any new data. As a result, a lot of 
responses are empty, creating HTTP overhead.

**HTTP Long Polling** <br/>
It allows the server to push information to a client whenever the data is available.<br/>
The client requests information from the server exactly as in normal polling, but with the expectation
that the server may not respond immediately. <br/>
1. If the server does not have any data available for the client, instead of sending an empty response,
the server holds the request and waits until some data becomes available.
2. Once the data becomes available, a full response is sent to the client. The client then immediately 
re-request information from the server, so that the server will almost always have an available waiting 
request that it can use to deliver data in response to an event.

**Web Sockets** <br/>
It provides full-duplex communication channels over a single TCP connection. It provides a persistent
connection between a client and a server that both parties can use to start sending data at any time.
The client establishes a Websocket connection through a process known as the WebSocket handshake. If the
process succeeds, then the server and client can exchange data in both direction at any time.  
 
 
**Server-Sent Events(SSEs)** <br/>
Under the SSEs the client establishes a persistent and long-term connection with the server. The server
uses this connection to send data to a client. If the client wants to send data to the server, it 
would require the use of another technology/protocol to do so.

