What is the offset mechanism in DB in which it will tell us where was the sender last time so that it will help us to 
move towards next point.

How to do monitoring and it is very efficient, we have to talk about it.
What is Deduping ?
 
1. We have to talk about monitoring and analytics in System design interview.
 
 
Two Phase Commit :- The two-phase commit protocol breaks a database commit into two phases to ensure correctness and fault tolerance in a distributed database system. 
Consider a transaction coordinator that manages the commits to database stores. As the name suggests, the entire process is divided into two phases:
1. Prepare phase :- After each database store (slave) has locally completed its transaction, it sends a “DONE” message to the transaction coordinator. Once the coordinator
    receives this message from all the slaves, it sends them a “PREPARE” message. Each slave responds to the “PREPARE” message by sending a “READY” message back to the coordinator.
    If a slave responds with a “NOT READY” message or does not respond at all, then the coordinator sends a global “ABORT” message to all the other slaves. Only upon receiving
    an acknowledgment from all the slaves that the transaction has been aborted does the coordinator consider the entire transaction aborted.
2. Commit phase :- Once the transaction coordinator has received the “READY” message from all the slaves, it sends a “COMMIT” message to all of them, which contains
    the details of the transaction that needs to be stored in the databases. Each slave applies the transaction and returns a “DONE” acknowledgment message back to the coordinator.
    The coordinator considers the entire transaction to be completed once it receives a “DONE” message from all the slaves.
 
Pros :- The protocol makes the data consistent and available, either all the databases get an update or none do. This protocol ensures that the databases are always synchronized.
Cons :- The two-phase commit is a blocking protocol; the failure of a single node blocks progress until the node recovers. Moreover, if the transaction coordinator fails,
        then the database is left in an inconsistent state and only recovers once the coordinator recovers. This leads to another drawback as the protocol’s latency depends on 
        the slowest node. Since it waits for all the nodes to send acknowledgment messages, a single slow node will slow down the entire transaction.
        
Saga Pattern :- SAGA is one of the best way to ensure the consistency of the data in a distributed architecture without having a single ACID transaction. SAGA commits multiple 
            compensatory transactions at different stages ensuring to rollback when required. SAGA introduce the master process called “Saga Execution Coordinator” or SEC.
            


CDN(Content Delivery Network) :-
 A CDN (Content Delivery Network) is a highly-distributed platform of servers that helps minimize delays in loading web page content by reducing the physical distance between 
 the server and the user. This helps users around the world view the same high-quality content without slow loading times.  Without a CDN, content origin servers must respond 
 to every single end user request. This results in significant traffic to the origin and subsequent load, thereby increasing the chances for origin failure if the traffic 
 spikes are exceedingly high or if the load is persistent.
 The goal of the CDN is to reduce latency – the delay between submitting a request for a web page and the web page fully loading on your device – by reducing the physical
 distance that the request has to travel.       
        

Multi-part Upload :-